     Copyright 2007, Chris Hibbert.  All rights reserved.  This file
     is published under the terms of the MIT license, a copy of which
     has been included with this distribution in the LICENSE file.

This file describes the configuration of markets that can be done
after installation.  installation instructions are in INSTALL (or
INSTALL.txt on Wndows.)

* Assigning the admin password and resetting it
* logging in as admin; what admin can do.  How to stop being admin.
* How to create an account.
* How to create a market  
* Where to find the server
* User pages 

--------------------

The login page for the Zocalo markets is Welcome.jsp.
(currently at webpages/Welcome.jsp.)  There are no accounts
or markets configured when the system is first installed.
Users who have authenticated with the admin password can
create new markets.

* Assigning the admin password and resetting it

The administrator's password is assigned during
installation.  If you forget what it is, you can change it
or look it up by opening the file etc/zocalo.conf on the
server.

* logging in as admin; what you can do.  How to stop being admin.

You can use the admin password to authenticate and create new markets.
After you enter the admin password on the wecome page, login with a
regular account and you will be able to create new markets by visiting
the Create Markets page.  Deactivate the admin authority by entering
an account name with no password on the login page.

* How to create new accounts

You can create a new account by visiting the Account Creation page
from the login page.  Don't lose the password; there's currently no
way to recover it.  New accounts start out with the funding that was
configured when Zocalo was installed.  (This parameter can also be
changed or viewed by opening etc/zocalo.conf.)

* How to create new markets

The admin password will allow anyone to create new markets.  When
authenticated in with the admin password, you will see an extra
control on the navigation bar.  This allows you to create new markets
until you logout.

New markets can be created with or without a Market Maker.
Market Makers enable increased trading by always being ready
to accept trades.  If there's not Market Maker, you can only
make a trade when someone else has left a standing order.
(This is known as a "double auction".)  If there will be
many traders active in a particular market, the market maker
might not be necessary, but it shouldn't get in the way.
Configuring a Market Maker is probably the right choice for
most markets, since it enables trading both when there are
many traders and when there are few.

The funds that the Market Maker uses to buy and sell come
from the account of the trader who creates the market, so it
may be useful to create markets from a separate account.

* Where to find the server

The server's web address depends on the configuration
parameters you set at installation.  If you changed the port
number to 80 during installation and your host machine is
zocalo.esu.edu, the web address would be
http://zocalo.esu.edu/webpages/Welcome.jsp.  If you set the
port number to 30000, it would be
http://zocalo.esu.edu:30000/webpages/Welcome.jsp.  When
running a browser on the same machine as the server, you may
have to use http://localhost/webpages/Welcome.jsp or
http://localhost:30000/webpages/Welcome.jsp


There are four main pages available:

"all markets" lists all the open markets and their price
levels and lets you navigate to the trading pages for each
market.  

The trading page shows a price history, the best bids and
asks, your holdings and orders, and lets you enter new
orders.  

The "view account" page shows outstanding orders and
holdings in all markets as well as current cash balance.

The "trade history" page shows all the trades you've made,
sorted by market and the time the trade was made.

In addition, when logged in as admin, the following appears:

The "Create Markets" page allows admin users to create new markets.
