The current release of Zocalo (November 2010) is stable.  It supports two
different uses: laboratory economics experiments and long-lasting
prediction markets.

The Prediction Markets now have reasonable login security, transaction
history, and charts of trading activity.  All transaction information
is stored in a persistent database.  The charts and market maker prices update automatically as trading occurs.

The academic economists I've been working with have used Zocalo to run
quite a few experiments.  Configuration options allow running a variety of
experiments.  


Other minor changes I'm hoping to make:

* report trades to the user via email.  (We now require an email
address in order to create an account.)

* allow the server to support distinct separate private markets.  This
  would allow a single server to support multiple internal markets.

* Allow a market manager to adjust the balances of participants.  This
  would allow internal corporate markets in which the company paid
  people off for their winnings without requiring those payouts to be
  on a strict schedule.   (e.g.  Google closes out all accounts at
  Quarterly market closings.)

* a public home page showing charts for several markets

Some longer term and more major changes:

* create a transaction record object that would track all buyers and
  sellers and which orders were market and book orders, and ensure
  that details get mailed to traders and logged.

There are a couple of larger projects beyond the short-term horizon.
The most interesting to me would be to add support for more types of
market formats (conditional claims, claims with scaled payouts, and so
on.)

A few people have asked how they could help with development.  It's
open source, so if you want to just dive in and make changes, you can
do that.  Before you start making more than a trivial change (unless
you're fixing bugs!)  please contact me.  If you ask, I can help come
up with small self-contained projects that would allow you to become
familiar with the architecture of the system.  The ability to check
changes into the source code repository remains with me.  If you want
to make changes and get them into the repository, get in touch.  I'll
want to verify that you're serious, but I would expect to allow
reasonable updates, and anyone who makes more than a couple will
probably get rights to make edits on their own.  If you're so
inclined, please download the code and start playing with it.
